Yes, everyone is looking forward to opening even a little at the Legal Headquarters this time
To have er here.
Hey I'm a little Aiko I head is this a long for 4000 yen 500 yen HoriKa
is
Gaano look at this cutter in the game out first, pack the Yeah
About half a year ago I felt like I bought the South Origami Par of Women's New Year in the video
The I is if cans
Because the guy with the same store in a little Nde content will its it was pretty good
We bought for 4,000 yen and bought for 1 well 2,000 yen in the previous New Year , but
Patch killing a bit this time, let's see a little bit
Well 4000 minutes Nde did not we have changed Well in So 8 nights
Yes one more 500 yen
Well the New Year even anything quite when is was not bad in the eyes Nde contents Well was reasonably good
So high
This time I feel like I can have a waiting body for a while , so I bought 8 pieces and entered
There was a last one prize this time after a gap, but there are some five cards or so
I and Kanesa Street Fusion Toka neighborhood about there not come a bit Oh Oh Oh I'd had
Something you want to do
Let's open the Ama area first and call it first.
Five five went in in at this time I'd was in two hands of its tail New Year Hey last time this time
I will
So yes
Well I guess you here much of the flame or Gold Gold
Yes
that
this
It glamor 3 even when viewed from the angle of the road also see how this Korekore is
There are still four front wheels at Kakuyama
Huh
Out Eeeeeee
What do tattered from a Huh no way away from the Cyber Dark Dragon
Big
printer
What or unity of the force that's you guys are united to the
It means that in the not Tadase the original 500 yen
Yes This is a Grand Marg from all directions
It is not a hotel at the bottom of the bottom
It does not look like Nagai use seen from the angle of the strap
This loss Kana is some off because apart from fine now
The one number
As Edo-mae's regular monthly edition edition month
Yo'e' my house and Chokai was to drink in two table about 500 yen quite original can be taken
Polo dt vt what
Contains dt card
It is the rubber that dt that I was a bit deceived air deceived that was not commercial
Because looked me that it is to be in the Central America who came up here round
I thought it was a round chain but it was different
What's this here buy example was those who do not use
Yes
Please Zoron garbage Anto
Send
Safia
That the jerry Sado 's cards etc.
Finally this Kana Yes
Eno campsite sleeve what kind of reaction jelly
Will get there and many work far away sake other goods software always editions in six-stage
Only that
I went there in the
God eliminate para has been stuck in that movie guy
New paradox
Yes
So this is I guess Ne'm also movie Sauzanto Naipu
a that finger
Park Somudaro
Hmm, so 4 a
One 500 yen and one 100 yen but I understand that one is 500 yen
It is written that drum 500 is this 9 of this
Yes Taste you entered
Hey
What Hey strangely low voice has gone out at
Since Karaa to place the mind in car Bal over cans also do not have their own this is it does not have Well
Just say
Operate for 500 yen
that
What is it that affects me?
It is likely to be serviced south as something
We ate Cleare bunch Beetle and I ate again and again between one extra work
Pinching Choi to do it by light vans would do it
Light technology Harlem plate umpire body
Shake Well Celtic yes
There at Datte at Ne or quick Buss' s That's also the leader loss
there
Yes a building
6th
Please
New power dock Star of Yes something like that era I Once Ya' anime what any anime N tea ceremony
Minutes
Yes
It's a blank sheet for everyone
Oh, we are told that if you 're a major haiku, it's something you taste
I card is to Gacha arbitrarily unpleasant memories back more than N year or half a year I this content
Yes
Finger Noether a donut throwing up a little while ago but it had Yoiru relief seemed seen you a little while ago
Ne
Instead Do in wo or in here buy of
Nan ne This entered
Twice and a half
So yes sunny Wow deep Mamorufuken
Yes energy controller
My magic and dead this is two in the flow
It is a relief this
Relief arc Night arc night Oh Taizo I this
I can hear the break saver
What went
Well then this is the last one
Yes
Per seem to 1 lap chain look'm I'm Sophie entered the flow volleyball down along there
What a face
Black is the mist, but it will do to
Keisei School
that
Are Are Are Too Many Are Various
Neither in the killing Ward do not need to because it logo takeoff
iia also may not ze that a total of about half ten thousand there 100 pack also bought about 50 minutes
Have Part Price Buy cracks
I wonder if went pulling even or loss in the pinpoint
Such a thing that all move out with a pinpoint
I have contributed
Yes
There in
I wrote a use Maatama seed
Yes
Yeah these things
Is this a reality or is this a reality?
Yes Well a little something
Fence Chopa now had a little tut-tut
Yes we had something like this in the not say Ando
Yoshi cage of I 10,000 of the previous 5,480 yen in there I guess I mean to be with together I Um Ano
I'd heard Is Khan and the assortment like Anosokode of most what 1800 yen
Nde had been there is a card I'm sorry also kinda mood After elsewhere and this bought it
change
Yes
I think I'm going to get angry and I'm getting stuck
I feel kinda kind of nice oh
Oh yes it's a buffet so this time it's like this too Well bought in April
It may not come, it 's a card sort of 17,800 yen
Yes
8 spare people
Even
I do not want to say
goodbye